# ChatStock
https://devpost.com/software/chatstock-xezbrg
## Inspiration
We were inspired to build this project because stocks can be complicated. Having several APIs at our disposal during the Hackathon, we decided to build the project involving many technologies.
## What it does
It is a chatbox that allows the user to discover basic information on stocks and also view the prices for stocks many stocks on the Astucemedia API. He may also notify the bot to set up an SMS notification whenever the price of a stock has reached a desired level.
## How we built it
We build it based on IBM Watson's Conversation. By hosting our own Python Flask server, we are able to send and fetch information to our Conversation instance. Furthermore, information on price was generate through requests to the Astuce-Media API, with text messages for notifications about the price to be generated by us and sent through Twilio's API.
## Challenges we ran into
Without having discussed with a representative, it was hard to get the Astuce-Media API to work, therefore we had to go through other publicly non-sponsored APIs.
## Accomplishments that we're proud of
We're proud to have developed a stable product which uses newest modern technologies to build a chat bot, something we have never done before.
## What we learned
We learned how to use several APIs: IBM Watson, Astuce-Media and Twilio.
## What's next for ChatStock
ChatStock can be grow into a bigger and more featured application using machine learning. There can be a feature to analyze trends and determine what is the best stock to invest into right now.
